Aleph is a de-googled fork of the official Mastodon Android app, with improved support for glitch-soc servers. Follow anyone across the Fediverse and see it all in chronological order. No algorithms, ads, or clickbait in sight.

WHAT ALEPH ADDS

■ UnifiedPush support: push notifications without Google Play Services
■ Post content types: choose plain text, Markdown or HTML when composing, with a per-account default, on servers that support it
■ Bookmark button: bookmark a post right from its action buttons, with boost, favourite and bookmark each coloured when active

⚠️ Some Aleph features are written with the help of generative AI (under human review).

Everything else behaves like the official app:

EXPLORE

■ Discover new writers, journalists, artists, photographers, scientists, and more
■ See what’s happening in the world

READ

■ Keep up with people you care about in a chronological feed with no interruptions
■ Follow hashtags to keep up with specific topics in real time

CREATE

■ Post to your followers or the whole world, with polls, and high quality images and videos
■ Participate in interesting conversations with other people

CURATE

■ Create lists of people to never miss a post
■ Filter words or phrases to control what you do and don’t want to see

AND MORE!

■ A beautiful theme that adapts to your personalised colour scheme, light or dark
■ Share and scan QR codes to quickly exchange Mastodon profiles with others
■ Login and switch between multiple accounts
■ Get notified when a specific person posts with the bell button
■ No spoilers! You can put your posts behind content warnings

A POWERFUL PUBLISHING PLATFORM

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

PROTOCOLS, NOT PLATFORMS

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralised protocol. You can pick any server you like, or host your own, and still communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. With just one account, you can also reach people on other Fediverse platforms.

Not happy with your choice? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open source.

Aleph is an unofficial fork and is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or connected to the Mastodon non-profit organisation. The Mastodon name and logo are trademarks of their respective owner.